[ADD] developer: `--log-config` (#18557)
odoo/documentation: content/developer/reference/cli.rst

    <https://docs.python.org/3/library/logging.handlers.html#watchedfilehandler>`_
    and will automatically be reopened when replaced

.. option:: --log-config <file>

    configures the logging system using a :func:`~logging.config.dictConfig`,
    stored in a `JSON <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JSON>`_ or
    `TOML <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TOML>`_ file.

    By default, if this is used all logging options and built-in configurations
    are ignored, ``keep_odoo_default`` can be set to true at the root of the

>     ``dictConfig`` to also process log options normally afterwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    By default, if this is used, all logging options and built-in configurations
    are ignored; ``keep_odoo_default`` can be set to true at the root of the
    ``dictConfig`` to also process log options normally afterward.
```
